hey guys major minecraft here with just
a quick video of something i just made
like five minutes ago which would be
like an hour and a half maybe getting to
like half an hour to build and yeah
we're here in our light house that I
built last episode and flip it off
camera fitted a minute and I also kind
of burnt down the Eurasian right now but
I'm gonna let you guys see that year I
have been every video that I've tried to
post would not originally posed and it's
always said something that I did not
include in my original video and it's
that they're in my first issue and
that's that my inspiration to build her
to start reporting all of this minecraft
stuff was skydoesminecraft so because of
that reason i built a statue with a
butter as he refers to it but her
pedestal with butter all around it an
item frame and a giant statue of him and
honor him for hands-free and also crap i
was shot and also if you go inside of
his head it's a butter room i can do
anything with this weather room i can
make it a half stars every other day but
i can make this room in anything like a
chicken farm I can make it a house for
my doggy
up you really did what I don't care mate
you see what you do will I'm sorry Scott
if you're watching this I'm sorry I'll
fix that give me as promised I think
alright guys that's about it I just
wanted to let you all know that and
everybody should go check out his
channel it will be it will be a link or
click on the link in description below I
like comment subscribe you guys later